# CS-250

User needs are heavily weighted in the decision making process for program development. Their needs are typically accomodated as long as they make sense from a business perspective, they are realistic to include within the project budget and timeline, and they are not contradictory to other product requirements. Creation og User stories can help with incorporating user needs into the Product Backlog. Use stories will provide detail on the relative size, prioritization, and technical/design requirments for each user need. User stories can help with Product Backlog management for the Product Owner, and they will serve as a guide for program requirements for the Scrum Master and Development Team.

When developing programs I take an agile approach. I start by viewing the tasks and user stories assigned to me and their respective tasks. I build a personal schedule for myself to help me prioritize and work through each task to create a working deliverable by the end of the sprint. Any time there is a hang up or I am stuck on a feature that may make me deviate from my schedule, I would bring up that concern in a Scrum meeting. In my future development work, I hope to continue growing my skillset of collaborative programming. Most of my projects in the past have been solo projects, so I am excited to get more experience working on a team and useing co-worker resources to get through challenges during the development process. 

To be a good team member in software development, it really boils down to having an agile mindset. Team members should be flexibile to change, open to others' opinions and expertise, and prioritize the customer needs. It takes humility to understand that as a team member, others' ideas may be better than mine, others skillsets may be stronger than mine, and the customer needs will likely be prioritize above my vision. 
